Update chart README with section on Airflow configuration (#13519)
mistercrunch/Airflow: chart/README.md

- Helm 2.11+ or Helm 3.0+
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

## Configuring Airflow

All Airflow configuation parameters (equivalent of `airflow.cfg`) are stored in [values.yaml](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/chart/values.yaml). You may wish to consult these prior to Chart installation.

> 

Reviewer: The description is not clear enough, it also does not tell which key needs to be set, all configs need to go under `config` key:

https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/9c75ea3c14b71d2f96d997aeef68c764c7d2984c/chart/values.yaml#L643

Would be better to give an example too

Author: Thank you for the suggestion @kaxil I appreciate that. I've augmented the PR to accommodate.

- Helm 2.11+ or Helm 3.0+
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure

## Configuring Airflow

> All Airflow configuation parameters (equivalent of `airflow.cfg`) are stored in [values.yaml](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/chart/values.yaml) under the `config` key (around line 650 of `values.yaml`). The following code demonstrates how one would deny webserver users from viewing the config from within the webserver application. See the bottom line of the example...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Airflow configuration parameters (equivalent of `airflow.cfg`) are stored in [values.yaml](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/chart/values.yaml) under the `config` key . The following code demonstrates how one would deny webserver users from viewing the config from within the webserver application. See the bottom line of the example:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

# Config settings to go into the mounted airflow.cfg
#
# Please note that these values are passed through the `tpl` function, so are
# all subject to being rendered as go templates. If you need to include a
# literal `{{` in a value, it must be expressed like this:
#
#    a: '{{ "{{ not a template }}" }}'
#
# yamllint disable rule:line-length
config:
  core:
    dags_folder: '{{ include "airflow_dags" . }}'
    load_examples: 'False'
    executor: '{{ .Values.executor }}'
    # For Airflow 1.10, backward compatibility
    colored_console_log: 'False'
    remote_logging: '{{- ternary "True" "False" .Values.elasticsearch.enabled }}'
  # Authentication backend used for the experimental API
  api:
    auth_backend: airflow.api.auth.backend.deny_all
  logging:
    remote_logging: '{{- ternary "True" "False" .Values.elasticsearch.enabled }}'
    colored_console_log: 'False'
    logging_level: DEBUG
  metrics:
    statsd_on: '{{ ternary "True" "False" .Values.statsd.enabled }}'
    statsd_port: 9125
    statsd_prefix: airflow
    statsd_host: '{{ printf "%s-statsd" .Release.Name }}'
  webserver:
    enable_proxy_fix: 'True'

>     expose_config: 'False'    <<<<<<<<<< BY DEFAULT THIS IS 'True' BUT WE CHANGE IT TO 'False' PRIOR TO INSTALLING THE CHART

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    expose_config: 'False'   # <<<<<<<<<< BY DEFAULT THIS IS 'True' BUT WE CHANGE IT TO 'False' PRIOR TO INSTALLING THE CHART
```

```

> Generally speaking, it is useful to familiarize ones self with the Airflow configuration prior to installing and deploying the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally speaking, it is useful to familiarize oneself with the Airflow configuration prior to installing and deploying the service.
```
